dude guys you're not going to freaking
believe this check this
out oh my god it works so good my car
just went from midlife crisis mobile to
midlife crisis mobile that freaking
glows today in partnership with bbr
we're announcing the most Hightech skin
they have ever concocted in three
different color ways glow dark and short
circuit we thought
what better way to show off how flipping
cool it is than to wrap my entire car in
glow feel cool yet I'm in a
Porsche we're going to show you guys how
it works after we show you this message
from our sponsor MSI save big on your
next laptop with their fall Ready haul
sale check out the thin and light
stealth a16 AI plus which shines running
AAA games thanks to its 4070 GPU and 240
HZ display we're going to have that and
more deals Linked In the video
description that was freaking sick I
hope I mean I'm past Linus and we still
have to wrap the car and we still have
to make it Glow fortunately we have Pros
to wrap the car at least leaving us with
the glow now as you might have already
guessed the new glow circuit skin and
soon to be my car are glow-in-the-dark
or as the fancy boys would call it
phosphorescent a type of
photoluminescence say when these kinds
of materials are lit up they can become
photo excited a process in which photons
from the light excite electrons in the
material to a higher energy State
storing the light's energy it's mine the
excited electrons can then either flues
or drop to a lower but still excited
intermediate level and stay there for
some period of time then with the help
of a bit of thermal energy or heat a
relaxation can occur allowing the
electrons to chill out and release their
extra excitement or or energy as photons
otherwise known as light or in this case
glow so tldr you use light to charge
glow-in-the-dark stuff except if you
ever been a child you probably remember
that when you play around with this
stuff the only time the effect really
pops is when you supercharge it and then
immediately go to pitch Blackness
something that um isn't very likely to
happen under normal driving conditions
so what can we do the most obvious
option would be to just leave my garage
lights on all the time that way anytime
I wanted to go out for a night drive my
car would be fully charged and ready to
go here's the thing that Professor Riley
left out phosphorescent materials don't
react to all parts of the light spectrum
equally so if you look at these two
flashlights one of them is going to
appear brighter when I point both of
them at my glow material you can see
that one is obviously more effective
replace my garage light fixtures with
black lights I'm kidding honey don't
kill me my wife lets me get away with a
lot but that isn't going to be
it so there's a few examples of Ivon
putting up with a lot so our goal then
is to get as much of the right
wavelength light as close to the car as
possible ideally without spending a
fortune so I did what any San YouTuber
would do and bought a whole bunch of
different black lights for science tell
me about these agricultural lights you
mean grow lights well yeah they daisy
chain together they're cheap and they
cover a lot of area wow that definitely
pops the light color is actually not the
same as my other black light the color
doesn't tell the full story though well
here's the thing traditionally
commercial black lights average in the
365 nmet range which apparently is the
best for glow-in-the-dark material
charging but that assumes the quality
control is up to Snuff which one do you
want next do you want the fire hazard
sure is this the fire hazard it looks
like a fire hazard it kind of feels like
a fire hazard well they're individual
they don't daisy chain I already found
that drawback these are Amazon special I
mean oo they're
bright they charge well they definitely
charge it well the fun thing with this
one is leave it going for about 5
minutes and then touch the back I'll
plug it in over here and we'll let it
sit and do its thing while we talk about
our last lights these look like the
point where we finally went let's just
buy the brand name ones they've got what
looks like adequate cooling the build
quality is reassuringly premium
including glass fronts instead of just
plastic and after that story I read
about that event where they lit it up
with black lights and they were the
wrong wavelength and people had a bunch
of eye problems these seem like the kind
of thing would trust more but I couldn't
help noticing that these are at two
different wavelengths so why don't we
start with 395 sure either of these are
safe though right yep now this is way
more like what I would expect a black
light to look like it's got sort of that
Bluey purpley Hue but this is supposedly
not the ideal no and this the blue comes
from being at the bottom of our visible
range okay so the next light actually
shows up a lot more white because we're
not seeing most of it I mean this one
still pops okay but definitely not as
well as our other stuff what's the 365
look like so it shows up very white
interesting
buddy and this one is is 100 watt versus
50 watt right okay so what this tells us
is that either our other lights are not
actually outputting the power that they
say they are or they're not outputting
at the wavelength that they say they are
because that is what it is supposed to
look like and with the power they're
definitely not do you want check on the
cheap one sure oh wow okay it's
definitely hot but this thing claims 150
WTS cheap 150
watt better 100 watt I think part of the
problem in this demo might be that it's
casting more visible light on the vinyl
which hides the glow from us the good
one is definitely still better let's
find out Jake Kill the
Lights the answer is yes so we've got
our nailed down but a pre-flight manual
charge up process with the car it's a
little bit ridiculous so my initial plan
for getting the lights pointed at the
car was to build a paint inspection
Booth style light array after seeing how
fast this charges the Skins seemed kind
of silly so the new plan then is to
build a single Archway out of extruded
aluminum right at the exit of the garage
that way when I pull out slowly it'll
charge it up we'll do that in a sec
first let's take a look at the delivery
of the wrapped car dude it looks sick it
either just looks like unnaturally white
in the dark or it looks
green way beyond my expectations it's
amazing how much it charges from a
distance yeah I think we might have
overdone it how many these lights to be
byy
11 now I'm thinking you should just
Mount them on on the walls in here yeah
where's the instructions this is Ikea
right yeah it's in my head but it's very
simple so we've got a bunch of brackets
and we've got a bunch of t-nuts oh those
look baller these brackets are going to
be what Hold the top to the sides MH and
then we've got a bunch of these small
ones
for things like this just going to pull
a bit out of my sack pardon me 11 of
these okay why don't I work on that so
they're going to go like that this
should in theory just all bolt together
and be happy now we did run into one
issue the bolts that we were intending
to use to mount the lights are too long
or rather this materials not thick
enough so that when you screw them down
they actually bottom out on the aluminum
Extrusion and then the light is all
floppy so we had to 3D print some little
washers to fill the Gap and now it's
mint I hate nonf feris
screws technically they are the higher
quality ones I know
did you have a plan for how to actually
like oh wait I know I
know LTT
store.com we pretty much got the entire
frame put together and now we just have
to see is it sturdy oh that's not bad at
all it's not amazing but it's pretty
rigid I mean even if you like bumped
into it like it's not going anywhere I'm
going to start cable managing and what
better way to do that than the LTT store
Cable Management stuff which I don't
have in my hand although it occurs to me
that this is
aluminum which means we're going to have
to mount some of our fancy metal plates
to make them stick we're so close while
cable managing our power bars which are
using the little uh Keyhole mounts here
we've run into another issue the bottom
light is too short to reach the power
bar if it's on the top it fits if it's
here yeah but we want to pop I wonder if
I could just open that switch ow yeah I
don't know about this Chief the last
piece of this puzzle is automating the
lights we don't want them to have to
like turn it on before he leaves cuz
ADHD he won't remember we have two
pieces to accomplish this it looks
pretty simple it should be pretty simple
but I promise you it's very over
engineered this Philips hbe Smart plug
it's a zigby smart plug we can control
it remotely and this is the everything
presents one uh kind of like DIY I think
he's a YouTuber that designed this thing
it has a passive infrared sensor similar
to security systems in your house along
with a millimeter wave sensor which is
what we're going to be using today this
in theory can just sit like right here
and as soon as the car crosses this line
boom we don't want like anyone walking
through the garage to trigger this thing
so I went ahead and set it to 90 CM
which is roughly 3
ft oh it's yo you know you are hello you
are
insufferable watch this
and then I'll walk
away give me a sec I set the timeouts to
zero so it should be pretty quick boom
off and if I go over
here isn't that
crazy so
cool all right you can drive the bloody
car in now wow this looks
incredible you guys cable Managed IT and
everything well you were listening so
you know the secret well no I walked in
earlier and I triggered it so I know the
secret that is freaking awesome cuz I
was thinking about it I was like how are
we going to make sure that it's not just
on all the time and I don't have to
manually press a stupid thing that is
freaking
awesome
Bruh
Bruh okay did the theory work does it
charge the whole car as you go through
holy crap it totally works it totally
freaking works that is awesome no way
man sometimes you have good ideas all
right I know right it was bound to
happen eventually like I have seen the
car charged this is
better oh you could do Shadow paintings
on this too do it again do it again do
it
again dude except under direct Street
Lamp lighting it flipping glows like
crazy I needed to trigger like a touch
earlier cuz it kind of misses the front
end but just do that oh yeah no way
there we go
well actually maybe we should have hold
on wait do we have any other the phones
are you freaking kidding me right now
look at this steam
deck it looks like it is from a video
game look at me casually gaming with my
glowing flipping steam deck there's a
few different versions there's glow
circuit which is the black and glow and
then there's short circuit and dark
circuit which is the blackon black I
know which one I like you might think
it's a little bit silly but imagine if
you just had like a UV light in your
room you're like you're in the gameing
zone you flip on your UV light and now
your Xbox looks sick oh man I can't get
over the steam deck dude it looks insane
let's talk a little bit about the new
circuit board drop this is no Normie
inkjet printed vinyl dbrand had to
develop a custom process just for this
drop using special 3D printed UV gel ink
to give it a texture you can really feel
not just that but that actually in my
subjective opinion improves the grip of
the device as well while supplies last
all orders will include this 365 nmet UV
light so you can charge up your phone
whenever you want all you got to do to
get it for yourself is head to
dbrand.com
49 really is there another vanity
Ural ground news does it ever feel like
when you read or watch the news that
you're being sold on an idea rather than
given just the facts well ground news is
here to help cut through the nonsense
and let you come to your own conclusions
they do this by gathering articles on
stories from thousands of sources so
that you can compare the coverage and
how each one leans politically take this
story where because meta was found to be
collecting sensitive data from Facebook
users they're currently being fined by
South Korea for $15.6 million you can
see on screen that right now the
majority of the sources are leaning left
and thanks to their bias comparison tool
as more articles come in you'll see a
breakdown of what aspects of the story
are being focused on by each side their
blind spot tool is another great feature
that'll feed you stories that your own
preferences or algorithm might be
filtering out so stay informed the Smart
Way by going to ground. news/ LT or
click the link below to get 40% off
their unlimited access Vantage plan
today that's kind of scary actually if
you guys enjoyed this video maybe check
out the one where we wrapped my car in
the first place with that purple
holographic skin that was super cool too
the most glow for the least dough